README.md, before:

<!---
jameslazo/jameslazo is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
# James Lazo | AWS DevOps Engineer

## IaC, Containerization, Orchestration & CI/CD
- 1000s of lines of HCL (Terraform) live resource provisioning
  - From VPC, networks & IAM permissions to serverless, managed and unmanaged resources
  - Modules for reusable code
  - Remote states for sharing resources across projects or repos
  - State-locking for team provisioning
- Docker
  - Container migrations
  - Commandline troubleshooting
  - Reverse proxy configurations
  - APIs
- Kubernetes
  - Helm orchestration
  - Commandline troubleshooting
  - Deployment, service, ingress management
  - App migrations
- GitHub Actions
  - Automated testing
  - Enhanced security with ephemeral credentials
  - Semantic versioning
  - Matrices
  - Reporting

## 2025 Projects
| Project | Status | Domains | Tools |
| ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- |
| Log Analytics | In Progress | Observability, Orchestration | K8s, Fluentd, Elasticsearch |
| FluxCD/Helm for [k8s-motioneye](https://github.com/jameslazo/k8s-motioneye/) | In Progress | CI/CD, Orchestration | K8s, FluxCD, Helm |
| PVC for [k8s-motioneye](https://github.com/jameslazo/k8s-motioneye/) | In Progress | Data Plane | K8s, Helm |
| [GHA for Documentation](https://github.com/mischavandenburg/kubecraft/issues/35) | To Do | CI/CD | GitHub Actions |
| [MotionEye K8s Deployment](https://github.com/jameslazo/k8s-motioneye/) | Maintenance | Migration, Orchestration | K8s, Docker |
| [DevOps All Stars Challenge](https://github.com/jameslazo/devopsallstars-tf/) | Done | IaC, CI/CD | AWS, Terraform, GHA |
| [K8s Code Along](https://github.com/jameslazo/k8s-first-project/) | Done | Orchestration | K8s, Helm, Docker |
## 2024 Highlights
| Project | Status | Domains | Tools |
| ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- |
| [ArgoCD Code Along](https://github.com/jameslazo/argocd-app-config/) | Done | GitOps, CI/CD, Orchestration | K8s, ArgoCD |
| [RESTful API](https://github.com/jameslazo/Building-RESTful-APIs--Node.js-Express-MongoDB/) | Done | API, Fullstack development | Node.js, Express, MongoDB |
| [HA Containerized WordPress](https://blog.jameslazo.com/) | Done | IaC, Migration | AWS, Terraform, Docker |
| [Learning Node.js](https://github.com/jameslazo/LearningNode.js/) | Done | Fullstack development | Node.js |
| [Profile Landing Page](https://www.jameslazo.com/) | Maintenance | Serverless | AWS, Terraform, GHA | 
| [Cloud Resume Challenge](https://resume.jameslazo.com/) | Maintenance | IaC, CI/CD, Serverless | AWS, Terraform, GHA |
| [AWS API Unit/Mock Testing](https://github.com/jameslazo/aws-crud-api-lambda-dynamodb/) | Done | QA, Unit Testing, TDD, Serverless | AWS, Python | 
## On Premises/Private Cloud
- Bare-metal machines/appliances
  - [ ] Proxmox
  - [ ] NAS
  - [ ] ML/AI rig
  - [x] Multi-ISP failover
- Virtual
  - [ ] Talos Linux clusters
  - [ ] GitHub Enterprise Server
  - [ ] Log server/analytics
  - [x] pfSense firewall

## Certifications
- AWS
  - [ ] Certified Developer - Associate | Final prep
  - [ ] Certified SysOps Administrator - Associate | Final prep
  - [x] Certified Solutions Architect - Associate
  - [x] Certified Cloud Practitioner
- K8s
  - [ ] Certified Kubernetes Administrator | To do
- CompTIA
  - [x] Linux+
  - [x] Cloud+
  - [x] Security+
  - [x] Network+
  - [x] A+
  - [x] Project+

Commit message:

chore: updated KubeCraft project, profile intro

README.md, after:

<!---
jameslazo/jameslazo is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
# James Lazo
Hello there! I frequently develop in Python, but my passion is for AWS Infrastructure & DevSecOps engineering, with most of my coding in Terraform HCL, YAML and Bash. When I'm not working on a new project or GitHub Actions workflow, I'm usually optimizing or updating containers for development or Kubernetes deployment. 

## IaC, Containerization, Orchestration & CI/CD
- 1000s of lines of HCL (Terraform) live resource provisioning
  - From VPC, networks & IAM permissions to serverless, managed and unmanaged resources
  - Modules for reusable code
  - Remote states for sharing resources across projects or repos
  - State-locking for team provisioning
- Docker
  - Container migrations
  - Commandline troubleshooting
  - Reverse proxy configurations
  - APIs
- Kubernetes
  - Helm orchestration
  - Commandline troubleshooting
  - Deployment, service, ingress management
  - App migrations
- GitHub Actions
  - Automated testing
  - Enhanced security with ephemeral credentials
  - Semantic versioning
  - Matrices
  - Reporting

## 2025 Projects
| Project | Status | Domains | Tools |
| ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- |
| Log Analytics | In Progress | Observability, Orchestration | K8s, Fluentd, Elasticsearch |
| FluxCD/Helm for [k8s-motioneye](https://github.com/jameslazo/k8s-motioneye/) | In Progress | CI/CD, Orchestration | K8s, FluxCD, Helm |
| PVC for [k8s-motioneye](https://github.com/jameslazo/k8s-motioneye/) | In Progress | Data Plane | K8s, Helm |
| [GHA for Documentation](https://github.com/mischavandenburg/kubecraft/issues/35) | [Done](https://github.com/mischavandenburg/kubecraft/pull/51) | CI/CD | GitHub Actions |
| [MotionEye K8s Deployment](https://github.com/jameslazo/k8s-motioneye/) | Maintenance | Migration, Orchestration | K8s, Docker |
| [DevOps All Stars Challenge](https://github.com/jameslazo/devopsallstars-tf/) | Done | IaC, CI/CD | AWS, Terraform, GHA |
| [K8s Code Along](https://github.com/jameslazo/k8s-first-project/) | Done | Orchestration | K8s, Helm, Docker |
## 2024 Highlights
| Project | Status | Domains | Tools |
| ------- | ------ | ------- | ----- |
| [ArgoCD Code Along](https://github.com/jameslazo/argocd-app-config/) | Done | GitOps, CI/CD, Orchestration | K8s, ArgoCD |
| [RESTful API](https://github.com/jameslazo/Building-RESTful-APIs--Node.js-Express-MongoDB/) | Done | API, Fullstack development | Node.js, Express, MongoDB |
| [HA Containerized WordPress](https://blog.jameslazo.com/) | Done | IaC, Migration | AWS, Terraform, Docker |
| [Learning Node.js](https://github.com/jameslazo/LearningNode.js/) | Done | Fullstack development | Node.js |
| [Profile Landing Page](https://www.jameslazo.com/) | Maintenance | Serverless | AWS, Terraform, GHA | 
| [Cloud Resume Challenge](https://resume.jameslazo.com/) | Maintenance | IaC, CI/CD, Serverless | AWS, Terraform, GHA |
| [AWS API Unit/Mock Testing](https://github.com/jameslazo/aws-crud-api-lambda-dynamodb/) | Done | QA, Unit Testing, TDD, Serverless | AWS, Python | 
## On Premises/Private Cloud
- Bare-metal machines/appliances
  - [ ] Proxmox
  - [ ] NAS
  - [ ] ML/AI rig
  - [x] Multi-ISP failover
- Virtual
  - [ ] Talos Linux clusters
  - [ ] GitHub Enterprise Server
  - [ ] Log server/analytics
  - [x] pfSense firewall

## Certifications
- AWS
  - [ ] Certified Developer - Associate | Final prep
  - [ ] Certified SysOps Administrator - Associate | Final prep
  - [x] Certified Solutions Architect - Associate
  - [x] Certified Cloud Practitioner
- K8s
  - [ ] Certified Kubernetes Administrator | To do
- CompTIA
  - [x] Linux+
  - [x] Cloud+
  - [x] Security+
  - [x] Network+
  - [x] A+
  - [x] Project+
